[SHIMMERING]
[WHOOSHING]
[HUM]
>> As we have seen, the Germans,
and later the Americans were
involved in a secret
space program.
Over the almost
70-year-old program
many technologies have been
developed but kept secret.
Rumors began, starting
in the early 1980s,
that the secret space
program had given birth
to a breakaway civilization.
Speculation began that
if this secret project
had developed super
technologies that
could mean that they were
able to make a high tech
civilization away
from Earth and us.
Is a breakaway
civilization possible?
Let's go back in
time and find out
why they wanted to
leave the planet?
>> So the M Project was a
project that was greenlit
by FDR in the mid '40s.
And FDR actually used the
black budget to pay for it.
He used his own
personal black budget.
They were tasked by FDR
to understand migration
and what to do in the event of
some sort of a cataclysmic war.
They were already planning for
World War III and World War II.
That's how you do this.
Right?
So he wanted to
understand how you
could move massive amounts of
population out of areas that
were heavily damaged or
soaked with radiation,
or if there was climate
collapse or whatever.
He wanted to understand
how to move people.
So they spent a few
years researching it.
And what they
ultimately came up with
was that there was
no good way to do it,
that if you damage
enough of the Earth,
whether it's climate damage,
or it's radiation, or whatever,
there is nowhere to go.
The ultimate result
of their research
was to move to Alpha Centauri.
The problem was that
Alpha Centauri's too far,
and in the mid '40s they
lacked the technical capability
to get there.
So barring Alpha Centauri,
they suggested the moon, Mars,
or Venus.
>> Well, I think that the
elites want to leave the Earth
because there's a
specific geological event
that's possibly
pending on this planet.
There's been a lot
of talk about Nibiru
and Planet X coming back.
But I don't particularly
think that it's
the actual Planet X that's
going to cause the catastrophe.
What I believe is that Planet
X does exist, according
to a lot of the ancient texts
and tablets that I've read,
and that possibly
it's a brown dwarf
star that's orbiting deep
outside of the orbit of Pluto.
And I also believe that there
is actually a planet orbiting it
that may be called Nibiru or may
be the planet of the ancients.
But what I feel is that this
brown dwarf star is actually
dislodging comets
from the Oort cloud
and sending them streaming
into the inner planets.
And this is something
that we can't stop.
I mean, if you
take somebody who's
not an expert at throwing darts,
if they throw enough of them,
eventually they're going
to hit the bullseye.
>> Project Horizon was an
idea put forth by the military
in the late 1950s for
sending a man to the moon.
And the idea was that
they would basically
just launch some
guys to the moon,
leave them there, and
shoot them supplies
until they could figure out
a way to get them back home.
It's kind of a way of
politically beating
the Russians to the moon.
What's interesting
about Project Horizon,
though, is that
they were supposed
to be sent to the moon
with nuclear weapons.
They were sent there
with nuclear missiles.
Now, the question
you have to ask
is if you're going
to send weapons
on an expedition like that,
exactly who are you defending
yourself from?
Are we going to start a
nuclear war with the Russians
by fighting with them?
Are we going to start a war
with the German flying saucers?
Or were we sending
nuclear weapons there
with them to protect
them from aliens?
I think it's a really
interesting question.
I can't imagine any reason why
we would send nuclear weapons
to the moon, other than
dealing with aliens, Germans,
or somebody who had very
advanced technology.
>> The other thing that you see
is that you see the military
kicking off a
series of programs.
You see the army
goes out and comes up
with Project Horizon by 1962
to land 200 soldier astronauts,
as they called it, on
the moon, and to build
a permanent installation.
Then you see the Air Force,
they come out with Lunex,
the same kind of model.
Except they wanted theirs to
be a little bit more mobile.
And the Soviets at
the same time came out
with Zvezda, which
was, again, to build
a subsurface permanent
facility on the moon.
>> I think there is a breakaway
civilization that's sharing
the world with us.
And in some ways,
it's been integrated
into the United States.
So whatever was this
renegade, Third Reich,
breakaway civilization--
and it may still
be operating on its own
somehow, but portions of it
have been, say, brought
in from the cold.
And they're part now of some
sort of global intelligence
operation and network, which
must include at least elements
of the United States
military, secret intelligence
operations too I think.
And things like
Operation Paperclip
would have really helped
merge those things together.
Now, kind of a global
network of secret bases,
and even some of them could now
be on the moon and Mars even.
>> So I think there was
a breakaway civilization.
I think it's been
around for a long time.
But I think if you study
the history of humanity,
basically we've had interaction
with a very advanced
civilization for a long time.
And it's been here.
If you look at
what's going on now,
you see that we have
very advanced technology
in many, many regards.
And a lot of it has to
do with anti-gravitics.
A lot of it has
to do with magic.
Or you could say black magic.
A lot of it has to
do with mind control
technology and geo-engineering,
and also space navigation.
>> When it comes to the idea
of a secret space program
there's one issue which I
think is very important.
It doesn't necessarily
relate to specifics.
But if you think about it,
we first landed on the moon,
in terms of a manned mission
at least, in July 1969.
Now, if you look
at the way in which
every aspect of technology has
advanced since then, computers
that were once the size
of almost like a car,
they're now like a matchbox.
The internet, medical
technology, everything
has advanced to
incredible degrees.
But we're expected to believe
that the same brute force
rocketry that sends
people to the moon in 1969
is still the only way to
get people into space today.
And to me, that is
totally illogical,
when every other single
aspect of technology
has literally gone through the
roof in terms of developments.
Why is it then
we're still relying
upon rockets, brute force
engines, and technology that
actually really isn't advanced.
The Saturn rocket
wasn't advanced as such.
It was just huge.
And it's kind of the
same situation today.
And I find that very
suspicious that we're still
supposedly using
rocket technology when
every other technology
has advanced.
For that reason, I do
think there probably
is some sort of covert
space program going on.
>> And this gets
into Gary McKinnon,
the fellow who
was just a hacker.
And he hacked into the
Pentagon computers,
basically looking
to see if he could
find for any proof on UFOs.
And what he found was rosters
and tables of organization
for the space fleet, and
the ships we have that
are being made in
secrecy, again,
the blending of the space
programs, and officers,
named all the officers.
Even though the
Pentagon themselves
admit that he didn't do any
harm to the Pentagon computers
or to national
security, but he's just
telling tales out of school.
They don't like it.
>> The United States government
eventually dropped its case
against Gary McKinnon.
Perhaps the information was
so sensitive they didn't
want to risk going to trial.
Are there any other hackers
who have discovered evidence
of a secret space program?
>> Everybody's heard of Gary
McKinnon and the hacking that
he did in the early 2000s
looking for information
on UFOs, and may actually have
stumbled on evidence in terms
of documentation related
to a secret space program.
He reportedly uncovered a
listing of military personnel
that seemed to be like
off planet personnel.
A lot of people,
though, don't know
about the case of
Matthew Bevan, which
occurred in the mid 1990s,
and in many respects
is more important, more
intriguing than the Gary
McKinnon story.
Now, back in the
early 1990s when
he was still only
a young teenager,
but he was a brilliant
computer expert back then,
Matthew Bevan developed
a deep interest in UFOs.
And by sort of the mid to late
1990s, when he was sort of 16,
17, he was actually
starting to hack.
And he hacked into the
likes of, for example, NASA,
various departments of
defense, US departments
of defense, programs, and
sites, and formats, et cetera.
And on top of that, he also
penetrated Wright Patterson Air
Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.
Now, the one reason we know
today why he wanted to do that
is because Wright Patterson has
a long history of involvement
in the UFO subject.
For example, we know that the
early acknowledged UFO programs
of the US military, like
Project Sign, Project Grudge,
and Bluebook operated
out of Wright Patterson.
However, there have
also been a lot
of stories and rumors
of crashed UFOs
and dead aliens stored
at Wright Patterson.
So what Bevan wanted to do was
to try and essentially find
the treasure, the
gold, if you like,
that we're all looking for.
And he felt that Wright
Patterson would be the place
to go looking for records,
if you like, online records,
or in computer systems,
on alien autopsies, study
of alien technology.
Now, he didn't
actually find that.
But what he did find, and what's
really interesting is evidence
of some sort of highly advanced
space plane, if you like,
that was being developed at
Wright Patterson Air Force
Base, and was being
studied by scientists
and military personnel.
What happened was that Bevan
penetrated Wright Patterson's
systems on a number
of occasions.
And he said, he found it
extremely easy to get into.
And what he actually
found were records
on what he described as
a split level, very weird
looking aircraft, kind of like
a circular, egg shaped type
aircraft split into two levels.
The top compartment was sort
of where the pilots would be,
where the crew would be.
And the bottom part was
the propulsion system.
And according to the files that
he read, the propulsion system,
it was powered by an
ultra heavy element.
And it could perform
incredible speeds.
Now, this sort of ties in
very much with the story
that Bob Lazar spoke
about in the late 1980s
when he was working out at S4.
A lot of people
dismiss his story.
But what Bevan saw
on the computer
systems was eerily
like the kind of things
that Lazar was talking
about, say, seven or eight
years prior to this.
Now, when Bevan
got into the system
and saw these files on what
essentially was a secret space
plane, he thought
he'd got in there
and got out without
being noticed.
But unfortunately for him,
that was not the case.
But then a few
weeks later when he
was working at an insurance
company in the Welsh city
of Cardiff his boss came into
the office one day and said,
Matthew, can you
come into the office?
We want you to have a
look at the computer.
We've got a problem with it.
But that was actually a rouse.
When he got to the
room there were
four guys in black
suits, the typical thing.
And one of them
said, Matthew Bevan.
And he said, yes?
And he said, my name's
Detective Sergeant Simon James
from Scotland Yard's
computer crimes unit.
And I'm arresting you for
hacking NASA Wright Patterson
Air Force Base and various other
US installations, agencies,
and facilities.
And, of course, he realized
he was in not just hot water,
but scalding water.
>> Gary McKinnon and
Matthew Bevan hacked
into the military's computer
systems and discovered a secret
space program and a possible
breakaway civilization.
How would it be possible
to finance such a program
without being detected?
>> If you're dealing with
a post-war situation--
let's say you're Allen
Dulles sitting there at CIA,
smoking your pipe, and reading
the intelligence analyses.
Well, the Soviets
are up to this.
We've got a group of
Germans down somewhere
in Latin America.
And they're doing
a bunch of stuff.
And we don't know
exactly where this
is based, where it's located.
And we got a bunch of UFOs
flying around the sky,
and they're turning
our rockets on and off.
[LAUGHS]
You've got a problem here.
So the first thing you need to
do, particularly with the UFOs,
because that's the biggest
potential threat that you've
got to deal with,
you've got to find out
intelligence about these guys.
So the first thing
you do is you're
going to put into play
a long term program.
Because these guys in charge
of the national security
establishment are not of the
mind to surrender to anybody,
regardless of how
superior they may be.
So you're going to put
into place a program
to investigate technologies,
to create the technologies
to emulate what you're
seeing so that you can play
the nuclear, mutually assured
destruction game with whoever's
flying these things
around in our skies.
And to do that, you know
that this is probably
going to be a project that's
going to last decades.
And therefore, it's
going to require not only
a great deal of financing.
It's going to be like
the Manhattan Project,
but on steroids.
>> I had a conversation with a
scientist who knew about this.
And he said to me, this
is an expensive program.
In fact, what he said to me is
that the security from managing
this program was seven
to eight times more
expensive than the
actual scientific R&D.
That's what he said to me.
So I think he knew what
he was talking about.
He seemed like he had a very
good understanding of this.
He didn't tell me how
much money is involved,
but it seemed like a lot to me.
So where does the
money come from?
All right.
If you want to hide
this from Congress,
you've got to do
a really good job.
And really the best thing is
to go around Congress and not
even deal with Congress.
Congress becomes irrelevant.
So you need a very
expensive black budget.
And this comes through
highly illegal activities.
>> Now, the big
question, of course,
is who's running this
secret space program?
I probably have
views that are quite
different to a lot of
people in the UFO subject
on this, because I actually
don't think the US government,
or the military, or the
intelligence community when
it comes to the space program
or the secret space program,
I don't believe they're
the guilty party.
What I believe-- and there is
a lot of evidence for this--
is that we're dealing with
sort of black projects,
and what are called SAPs,
Special Access Programs, which
essentially operate outside
of the regular conventions
of government.
There's no
Congressional oversight.
They're funded
through black budget
programs and alternative means.
There's no oversight, nothing.
For all intents and
purposes, they're
sort of hidden in plain sight.
So I could well understand where
the government, the president,
the CIA, the NSA, the
Pentagon may not know
that perhaps deeply buried--
I mean, maybe even literally
deeply buried, say,
out at Area 51,
there could be sort
of a highly classified
space program going on,
but people like NASA
and the military
are completely out of the loop.
In other words, I
actually do think
that NASA believes
that what they've got
is the best that we've got.
I don't paint any of those
people as the bad guys.
But I think somebody
has been pursuing
a highly classified, highly
advanced space program.
They may even have made
return visits to the moon.
They may have gone to Mars.
I mean, who knows how
far they could have gone?
But because the
regular government,
the regular body of
NASA doesn't know,
it actually looks to
everybody else as if, well,
there cannot be a secret space
program because NASA is still
using rockets.
>> Actually, I think that there
were two secret space programs.
One was created by the
military industrial complex
and the intelligence agencies.
And they basically got
all the information
out of the public they could.
They did things like
interviewed T. Townsend Brown
about his technologies,
had him issue
a very detailed proposal on
how he wanted to go forward.
And then they said,
thanks very much.
And that was the
end of T. Townsend
Brown having any involvement
with the government.
That happened in the '50s.
And then clearly, if you look
at some of the MJ-12 documents,
the presidents were involved.
Truman and Eisenhower
were involved.
But then I think
somebody on the inside
got the idea that the president
shouldn't be involved.
They locked Kennedy out of it.
There's even a memo that
says Lancer, who was John F.
Kennedy's Secret Service
nickname is making inquiries
and we cannot allow this.
And I think what
Kennedy decided is,
I'm going to make my own
secret space program,
and I'm going to make it based
on a public space program.
So we're gonna go to the moon.
So he took all of the resources
that he had control over
and put them into a
public space program that
also had a private aspect which
used other advanced technology.
So I think there have been two
parallel secret space programs.
And the question is,
which one of them
has won out at this point?
And we really don't know.
>> Nobody realizes, well, maybe
somebody else is doing it.
And I think that's
what it comes down to.
That's the crux of it.
It's not so much that there
is a secret space program,
although that is important.
It's the fact that we don't
know where to look for it.
The regular outlets
where we would
think we should go looking
are not actually the ones
we should be looking for.
>> I didn't used to think that
we had active bases on Mars
and the moon.
And what I can say
factually is that everything
I've seen on these other
worlds is in ruins.
But that doesn't mean we
don't have bases there.
And these days, the more I
look at the technology that's
been developed over the
last 20, 30, 40 years,
I look at the work
of T. Townsend Brown.
I look at the work of Plotnikov.
I look at the work
of these guys,
and the ARV, the Alien
Reproduction Vehicle.
I see these things.
And I see how much
evidence there
is that they were produced.
And there's absolutely
no reason we wouldn't
have gone to the moon and
established bases, or gone
to Mars and established bases.
>> With their secret
financing and high technology,
it would seem that there's every
bit of evidence to show that
there is a secret space program.
If this is so, then the
follow up question has to be,
if they all have this
technology hidden from us,
is it possible that
they're creating
a parallel civilization to
ours, a breakaway civilization?
>> I think it's worth suggesting
that if there is a secret space
program, then clearly it
has some sort of agenda.
We're not talking
about just, I think,
going back to the moon
for the sake of it,
and picking up a few rocks
and stones here and there.
There has to be an agenda.
And I think that agenda would
be to sort of further travel
out into the solar
system and beyond.
Maybe they've even gone beyond
the solar system itself.
If that's the
case, then we could
be looking at an entire
elite, if you like,
on the planet, which has
access to technology way
beyond the rest of
us, maybe technology
to travel who knows where.
And essentially, they
don't see themselves
as just members of the human
race like the rest of us.
They see themselves as an
elite which has the ability
to, in the future,
and maybe even
now, do things that the
rest of us will never do.
And that creates sort
of like a hierarchy
that operates outside
of the regular confines
of civilization.
And that would be kind of
profound and disturbing
as well, the idea that
somebody is running a program
that the rest of
us are completely
left out of the loop of.
>> Well, let's go back to the
Cold War and the space race.
The Russians got
their Nazi scientists,
but they were focusing
on heavy lift rockets.
They could put big, heavy
payloads up into space.
That's why the Russians beat
us to the first, Sputnik, OK,
the first satellite, Laika,
the first dog in space,
the first woman in space, the
first man to orbit the Earth.
And we were starting
to feel the pain.
Wait a minute.
What are we doing?
Well, what we were
doing was building
miniaturized, computerized
type equipment
for trajectory and for all
the scientific things needed
for space travel.
OK?
Now, what was happening
is, and what nobody really
knows and has not been
plainly told to people
is that these Nazi scientists
were in touch with each other.
For example, most of
the Nazi scientists
early on working on
the space program
were headquartered
down at El Paso.
They got weekend passes.
Nobody kept tabs with them.
They didn't have
guards going with them.
They'd go right into Mexico.
They'd send telephone
messages and letters
to their counterparts in Russia.
And at the very top, at the
very top of the food chain,
at the level of the
international bankers,
at the level of
the John J. McCloy,
who was the high commissioner
of Germany, but then
also had been the
largest lender of money
through Citibank to Hitler
and the Nazis, at that level
they put the two space
programs together.
They put the heavy lift rockets
with the computerization.
And then so all of
these years when
we've been paying our tax money
and watching these big rockets
lift off from Cape Canaveral,
(ROCKET SOUNDS), you know,
it's really quite impressive.
Hey, over here. (WHISTLES)
They had anti-gravity
and they had very
sophisticated stuff.
And that was the beginning
of a breakaway civilization.
>> I think at this point, I
think it's very likely that
there are American and perhaps
other bases on the moon.
It's likely, honestly.
And it's quite possible
there are some on Mars too.
>> I have good reason
to believe-- in fact,
I have interviewed military
officers who say they have been
to bases on the
moon, Mars, Venus,
and that there are this
activities that's going
on in space.
Of course, it's called
the secret space program.
>> Using flying
saucer technology,
it was possible to
get to the moon, Mars,
and other nearby planets.
There have been rumors
for the past 40 years
or so that someone within
the secret space program
had invented and perfected
portal technology.
That is, they've
created a machine that
would allow a human
being to go from one
point in the universe to
another without traversing
the distance in between.
In other words, these
portals allow human beings
to go to any spot in
the universe instantly,
no matter how far apart these
two spots are from each other.
>> The idea of kind
of portals, stargates,
and things like that, and you
have the famous Skinwalker
Ranch in Utah that supposedly
has this portal that opens up
and things like that.
And it's possible that there
are natural portals like that.
Bermuda Triangle has certainly
been talked about that way.
And it's almost like
a natural phenomenon
that's happening with just
the way the Earth works.
We're still trying
to figure it all out.
>> I do know Duncan
Cameron pretty well.
And so he was trained to go
through artificial stargates,
artificial portals that
were set up for him.
And that's interesting, because
they take a lot of energy
to create.
And it's very constraining,
cause your whole mind is
focused on just the mission.
And so it's like you're
going through this tunnel.
You have tunnel vision.
And you're not really capable
of being aware of really
what's going on.
It's just like you're
sent somewhere.
And you do the mission
what you're supposed to do.
And then you're brought back.
>> But also, I think that
the military is also capable
of generating portals
like this themselves.
And the idea of stargates and
hyperspace wormhole portals,
whatever, certainly
it's the kind of thing
that they would be looking into.
And the whole idea too of
the Philadelphia Experiment
and being able to teleport
objects, including battleships,
even submarine type craft, that
was something from World War II
as well.
And Einstein and even Tesla
were allegedly involved in that.
And the Philadelphia Experiment
was to teleport battleships.
And it seems that the American
military was able to do that.
And that kind of
technology would
be one that would use,
in a sense, a portal.
>> Look, the stuff I saw there
was the most unbelievable,
literally, because it defied
what we knew as physics.
>> In the late '80s, a
person named Bob Lazar came
to the media.
And he claimed that he had
been working in Area 51,
that he was a physicist
and a scientist,
and that he was part of
this top secret Area 51
research into
anti-gravity, and allegedly
retro engineering alien craft.
What he claimed
was that the craft
that he was retro
engineering at Area 51
had a form of anti-gravity.
What that anti-gravity
was a higher element,
an element that he called 115.
And then Bob Lazar went on to
say that element 115 could only
come from a double star system.
And since we're not
a double star system,
Bob Lazar's claim then
was that element 115
had to come from
another solar system.
So in other words,
according to Bob Lazar,
you could have anti-gravity
in this element 115.
But it could never be
made in our solar system.
It could only come from
some other solar system.
And therefore, only aliens
and extraterrestrials
could ever get this element 115.
And therefore, no craft could
ever be made on Earth by humans
if it had element
115 in it, cause it
had to come from another star.
And to me this is really
an intelligence operation
that he's been promoted to do.
Because what he's really
saying is that, yes,
there are flying saucers.
Yes, there's anti-gravity.
But no, we could never,
ever make it on this planet.
It would be impossible.
And only extraterrestrials
could do it.
And that would be the big lie.
In other words, we
can't make anti-gravity.
And if there's a flying
saucer out there,
it's not made on this planet.
And that would be the deception.
>> It is clear that someone
is hiding very advanced
technologies from
the rest of humanity.
It is also possible that
these super technologies
are being used by the elite
to not only get off planet,
but also to create a
separate society from ours,
a breakaway civilization,
if you will.